Update atomic_design.md with definition (#139)
cherryontech/website: src/assets/content/dictionary/atomic-design.md

---
title: atomic design
definition: 'is a web design approach developed by Brad Frost. It is based on the idea that a design system is similar to chemical elements. The advantage of this design method should be that different elements can be used multiple times and the web design can be easily modified.'
sources: 
- sourceurl: https://en.ryte.com/wiki/Atomic_Design

> perspectives:   Helps accelerate the process of creating modular designs
> - meaning: 
>   role: creatively everyone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
perspectives:
- meaning: an approach that can help me accelerate the process of creating modular designs
  role: person in a creative role
```

Reviewer: @Dreamy26 : I fixed syntax and made a suggested change to clarify the role/meaning. Feel free to use or not (but I think if you fix the syntax at least, then the checks will pass).
